when the world's No. 1 in the world
in the heat the ground creaks like a rusk
at this time of the year, the kangaroo kept him in place
every night his mom reads Santa's stories to him every night
Were to contemplate the pure sky by imagining that a man all red
with a white beard would pop up diop
asked him roméo his friend the dingo crossed on the way
I visit my paternal grandfather at his age he is struggling to
move
I can come
obviously
not all the old that Andrew seemed to sleep in the shadow of the team us
he laboriously opened legion upon hearing the two friends approaching
but foot or hand
titus players mans
2 the kangaroo
I am not for the congo
must say mio I am a freighter
a good one when we lie boys
the view is not what it was
all the pictures of me
no choice then the kids are in a hurry to see Santa Claus
because we talk for a long time about the excitement he felt and the gifts they
hoped
and his grandfather feasting is listened to
the old Cambrai ended up auch the head several times in
repeating
it comes from one good
the more we look like the parties are seen for internal regions
when I think I had never seen
pity
I wish I had once
they are white then pull themselves together and say
so you come across him ten most beautiful days from the old papon
when they left
garou looked upset
No, he concludes after thinking it's Santa Claus who will say hello
nobody
concussions
if renault
tonight you want help helped mysteriously asked garros
his boyfriend a roméo he could not refuse him anything
that's how he found himself a few meters from there some stems
from capua to nightfall
Were did not come empty-handed
but what are you carrying
hard
an old coat borrow from farmers
I will roll in the clay to give it a beautiful red color
I also found cotton
with that we will be able to count on a beautiful beard
I understood
at renault the freighter
you want to realize the dream of trying
the monk
you can make it flow
great
romeo
you'll put the bar a little will climb on the shoulders and we
will finish the coat
and if I have this idea my people will not recognize us
No sooner said than done
but we are opposed to its weight
and if such a rickety building that went to the quality 'us
the old kangaroo occupy the same place as the afternoon
he seemed to sleep
taking a big garou voice said
hello sir not pushed Santa Claus transiting
to be able to view on the internet
for now the pearl one with two years of a kangaroo m this major fight
garot who was struggling to support the weight of his boyfriend was expecting more
more
you're happy to see me, "he continued.
yes yes little old kangaroo starting to laugh
I'm happy to see Santa Claus with a talented player
then we will let you conclude because on the verge of collapse
he will manage to hold in two more minutes before falling on the ground
stony
tired but satisfied to have realized the dream of the grandfather
light-hearted they returned home and without sleeping a peaceful sleep
the next day
before even respecting the foot of his werewolf joined by romero alassane
and his grandfather
and the notary's at home a change
you have glasses now
exclaimed to garou as he discovered
yes yes yes the Papuan dyson is a gift from Santa Claus
a few seats he came to see me
leading to figaro
site here twice at grandfather southall with a beautiful light at
bottom of the eyes
the second part the discomfort offered he was a little better about his
legs
he leaned over to garros
he added, winking
but I will tell you
d2 this is his first visit that will remain for me the magic pen
cameron